hello I'm our babies thank you for
logging on to hockey TV we're here and
lose in for the Euro hockey indoor club
champions cup 2011 we kick off our
coverage with Polish champions
Greenville poznan there's this man Homer
there's your match comment later John
Breeden well a German team has won this
tournament no less than 19 times in the
last 24 the only team that won it on
that one occasion with a Polish side as
they take an attack and it deflected
into the goal what a finish its rotted
split the manheimer team in half and
deflected in so the Germans looking for
an instant reply and they could get it
here
right
past the goalkeeper Jim into attacking
again down the left-hand side squared
across the rebound
makes it 2-1
first save Sheila could knew nothing
about that second effort
another chance from the top of the day
so a party stroke just of each gets one
Mac a good finish and watering go again
here
schools Nicole
open / competition with a victory and
it's a good one it's 52 against poznan
okay Michael you please the five to win
x good start for us the main the main
goal of today was to get off to a good
start in the first match and put us in a
position to make the semi-finals and
we've done that Todd's we're very happy
with that yet the polish team they were
a tough opposition weren't they sure oh
I think they had five or six from the
World Cup last week go see a little bit
tired but they play together all the
time we played against him in the in the
ehl for the outdoor as well so we knew
them personally but there's certainly a
very good team and I think we'll
probably come again if we're lucky
enough to get through to the final
they'll be one of the teams that will be
challenging for the other position and
if your place you like to pick out as
starring in today's game no don't think
so I think I think we played I think we
little bit disappointing in the first
half defensively yeah just to get the
structure right but in the second half
they came together really well as a team
our finishing was very good you know far
b pill convert a few days scored some
important goals for us today but overall
to team gaming and we hope that the team
plays well not the individuals so that
was Michael McCann coach of German side
Mannheim speaking to me after their
fantastic 5-2 victory thank you for
watching hockey TV from all of us here
in Luzerne until next time it's goodbye